1: What we will learn? 
    (1): Images types and formats
    (2): Background Images
    (3): CSS sprits
    (4): Data urls
    (5): Clipping Images
    (6): Applying filters
    (7): Supporting high-density screens
    (8): Resolution switching
    (9): Using modern image formats (WebP)
    (10): Art direction
    (11): Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)
    (12): Icon fonts


2: Images types and formats:
    In computers we have two types of images. Raster images which are made of pixels and Vector
        images which are defined by mathematical vectors. As you can see, we use raster images for photos, and vector images
        for simple graphics, icons, logos and so on.

    And we have to know that raster images often come from cameras or scanners, but they can also be produced by software.
        And images with extension of  JPG, PNG, GIF, etc. The larger images, the more pixels we need, and that results a larger
        file size. 

    We create vector images use software, like Adobe illustrator or any tools that allows us to draw something and exported as 
        an SVG file, SVG is short for Scalable Vector Graphics, and these kind of images are always look so sharp at any size.
    

3: Data Urls:
    Another optimization technique to reduce http requests. Go to cssportal.com/image-to-data to generate
    data url. But there are still have some problems:
    (1): size of embedded code > size of resource
    (2): increase complexity of markup and workflow
    (3): On mobile devices, data url are significantly slower to display then external image.

4: Clipping 
    Go to search css clip generator: then copy the code and apply to our project.


5: Filter:
    Go to search css filter functions:
    such as: grayscale, blur, contrast, brightness, saturate.

6: PSEUDO-CLASS SELECTORS:
    to select an element in a particular class(state):
    : hover
    : active
    : visited


7: Resolution Switching:
    
