1: URL(Uniform Resource Location): It is a way to locate a resource on the internet. Resource can be web pages(HTML Documents), 
    images, video files, fonts and so on. 

2: We type a url of a website and hit Enter. The browser(client) and Computer(web servers). The client requests a service, the 
    servers provide the server. So our browser send a message to the server and says: hey, give me the home page of this website.

3: HTTP(Hypertext Transfer Protocol): Http is a language that clients and servers use to talk to each other.

4: HTTPS: Which is http with encryption, so the message exchange between the client and the server are encrypted.

5: So the server receives the message and figures out what the client is asking and then it will send a message back to the client,
    The first message is called http request(sent by client), and the second message is called http response(sent by server).
    Every date exchange using the http protocol involves two messages(a request and a response).

6: DOM(Document Object Model): This is a model represents the objects or elements in our html document. What are these elements?
    All the building blocks of our pages, like paragraphs of text¡¢ images¡¢links and other stuff. When the browser is reading 
    this html document that is returned from the server, it discovers the references to other resources in this document like images,
    fonts and other stuff. Each of these resources has an address or a url, so for each resource, the browser sends a separate http
    requests to the server to fetch that resource. Many of these http requests are sent in parallel, so we can see the page as 
    quickly as possible. Once the browser has all the necessary resources, it will render the html document, rendering an html
    document means displaying it, it is a fancy technical term we use often.

    So in a nutshell, our browser sends an http request to the server and receives a http response, this http response contains
    an html document, the browser reads that html document to construct a document object model and render the page.

7: Inspecting HTTP Request and Responses: 
8: Validating Web Pages: validator.w3.org --> For HTML; jigsaw.w3.org --> For CSS
